<center> <h1>HBNB - Web Flask</h1> </center>
---

<center> <h2>Project Description</h2> </center>
- This project is a web application that allows users to create, read, update, and delete objects in a database. The application is built using the Flask framework and SQLAlchemy. The application is also built using the Jinja2 templating engine to render HTML templates.
---

<center> <h2>File Descriptions</h2> </center>
-  **[0-hello_route.py](0-hello_route.py)**: A script that starts a Flask web application. The application listens on `port 5000` and responds to the `/` route with the text `Hello HBNB!`.
-  **[1-hbnb_route.py](1-hbnb_route.py)**: A script that starts a Flask web application. The application listens on `port 5000` and responds to the `/` route with the text `Hello HBNB!`, and the `/hbnb` route with the text `HBNB`.
-  **[2-c_route.py](2-c_route.py)**: A script that starts a Flask web application. The application listens on `port 5000` and responds to the `/` route with the text `Hello HBNB!`, the `/hbnb` route with the text `HBNB`, and the `/c/<text>` route with the text `C` followed by the value of the `text` variable.
-  **[3-python_route.py](3-python_route.py)**: A script that starts a Flask web application. The application listens on `port 5000` and responds to the `/` route with the text `Hello HBNB!`, the `/hbnb` route with the text `HBNB`, the `/c/<text>` route with the text `C` followed by the value of the `text` variable, and the `/python/(<text>)` route with the text `Python` followed by the value of the `text` variable.
-  **[4-number_route.py](4-number_route.py)**: A script that starts a Flask web application. The application listens on `port 5000` and responds to the `/` route with the text `Hello HBNB!`, the `/hbnb` route with the text `HBNB`, the `/c/<text>` route with the text `C` followed by the value of the `text` variable, the `/python/(<text>)` route with the text `Python` followed by the value of the `text` variable, and the `/number/<n>` route with the text `n is a number` only if `n` is an integer.
-  **[5-number_template.py](5-number_template.py)**: A script that starts a Flask web application. The application listens on `port 5000` and responds to the `/` route with the text `Hello HBNB!`, the `/hbnb` route with the text `HBNB`, the `/c/<text>` route with the text `C` followed by the value of the `text` variable, the `/python/(<text>)` route with the text `Python` followed by the value of the `text` variable, the `/number/<n>` route with the text `n is a number` only if `n` is an integer, and the `/number_template/<n>` route with the text `n is a number` only if `n` is an integer and renders an HTML template.
-  **[6-number_odd_or_even.py](6-number_odd_or_even.py)**: A script that starts a Flask web application. The application listens on `port 5000` and responds to the `/` route with the text `Hello HBNB!`, the `/hbnb` route with the text `HBNB`, the `/c/<text>` route with the text `C` followed by the value of the `text` variable, the `/python/(<text>)` route with the text `Python` followed by the value of the `text` variable, the `/number/<n>` route with the text `n is a number` only if `n` is an integer, the `/number_template/<n>` route with the text `n is a number` only if `n` is an integer and renders an HTML template, and the `/number_odd_or_even/<n>` route with the text `n is even|odd` only if `n` is an integer and renders an HTML template.
-  **[7-states_list.py](7-states_list.py)**: A script that starts a Flask web application. The application listens on `port 5000` and responds to the `/states_list` route with the text `List of states` and renders an HTML template.
